---
layout: post
title: Welcome To The Site!
---

It's awesome you're here.

I started this website as a project back in the summer of last year, mostly because I was interested in website design, but also because I wanted a good way to document (and share) my various projects. I originally found that traditional social media didn't allow for the depth I was looking for, but the squarespace-esque, prebuilt websites didn't offer the customizability I wanted. The more nitty-gritty way of developing websites was much too involved when it came to simply making something new, discouraging new content being posted. [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) is a fantastic blend of these all, allowing for deep customization while keeping the process of posting something new as frictionless as possible. Though it's more focused towards blogging, the static site approach also works fantastically for my use case as well.

As of now, there isn't much here, but I am slowly in process of updating the website with older projects. So far it's been a bit of a slower grind as a lot of the projects were made before I had this in mind, and therefore I have go about finding all the resources I used in order to make a proper write-up. This retro-active posting is also why the dates of everything are sometimes weird. I'm trying to keep everything as accurate as possible, but this sometimes leads to some weird anomalies when everything doesn't line up.

Regarding the philosophy of the site, I'm trying to remain as transparent as I can. There is a ton of projects that I'm not happy with now, but I'm throwing them up anyways as a show of growth, hence the "home to my mistake" mantra. I've also chosen to attempt to include downloads for all the projects that I post. Everything I know today is thanks to the help of others online, and I am therefore a huge believer in the open-source ideology. Being able to pull apart others' work has been one of my greatest assets over the years, and I hope to give the opportunity back to anyone who wants it.

Feel free to poke around! Hopefully, there is much more to come.